.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to newdotfiles

This document is a guide to contributing to newdotfiles

We welcome all contributions. You don't need to be an expert (in optimization)
to help out.

## Checklist

Contributions are made through
[pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).
Before sending a pull request, make sure you do the following:

- Run 'make fmt' to make sure your code adheres to our [coding style](#code-style).
  This step also includes our license on top of your new files.
- [Write unit tests](#writing-unit-tests)
- Run the [unit tests](#running-unit-tests) and check that they're passing

## Building newdotfiles from source

You'll need to build newdotfiles locally in order to start editing code.

To install newdotfiles from source, clone the GitHub
repository, navigate to its root, and run the following command:

```bash
make install
```

## Contributing code

To contribute to newdotfiles, send us pull requests.
For those new to contributing, check out GitHub's
[guide](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).

Once you've made your pull request, a member of the newdotfiles
development team will assign themselves to review it. You might have a few
back-and-forths with your reviewer before it is accepted, which is completely normal.
Your pull request will trigger continuous integration tests for many different
Python versions and different platforms. If these tests start failing, please
fix your code and send another commit, which will re-trigger the tests.

If you'd like to add a new feature to newdotfiles, please do propose your
change on a GitHub issue, to make sure that your priorities align with ours.

If you'd like to contribute code but don't know where to start, try one of the
following:

- Read the newdotfiles source and enhance the documentation,
  or address TODOs
- Browse the [issue tracker](https://github.com/arthrod/newdotfiles/issues),
  and look for the issues tagged "help wanted".

## License

A license is added to new files automatically as a pre-commit hook.

## Code style

We use ruff to enforce our Python coding style.
Before sending us a pull request, navigate to the project root
and run

```bash
make fmt
```

to make sure that your changes abide by our style conventions. Please fix any
errors that are reported before sending the pull request.

## Writing unit tests

Most code changes will require new unit tests. Even bug fixes require unit tests,
since the presence of bugs usually indicates insufficient tests.
newdotfiles tests live in the directory `tests`,
which contains many files, each of which contains many unit tests.
When adding tests, try to find a file in which your tests should belong;
if you're testing a new feature, you might want to create a new test file.

We use the popular Python [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/) framework for our
tests.

## Running unit tests

We use `pytest` to run our unit tests.
To run all unit tests run the following command:

```bash
make test
```

Please make sure that your change doesn't cause any of the unit tests to fail.

Commit message:

Rename project from newdotfiles to modal-for-noobs and add CLI launcher scripts
This commit renames the project from 'newdotfiles' to 'modal-for-noobs' across all configuration, documentation, and source files. It updates repository URLs, project descriptions, badges, and documentation to reflect the new project name and purpose.

Key changes include:
- Updated .copier-answers.yml with new project name and repository info.
- Modified GitHub workflow files to point to the new source folder.
- Rewrote README.md to describe the new project as an async-first, idiot-proof Gradio deployment CLI for Modal.
- Updated book configuration and documentation links.
- Added a new folder 'drop-ur-precious-stuff-here' with a README and sample requirements.txt for deployment assets.
- Added shell and batch launcher scripts (mn.sh, nc.sh, nc.bat) for easy CLI usage with colorful output and menu-driven interface.
- Updated pyproject.toml with new project metadata, dependencies, and scripts.
- Renamed source folder from 'newdotfiles' to 'modal_for_noobs' and added a new CLI implementation in src/modal_for_noobs/cli.py with rich UI and async deployment commands.

This is a major refactor to pivot the project towards a user-friendly Modal deployment tool with enhanced CLI experience.

One more noob commit by arthrod/noob-commit 🤡

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to modal-for-noobs

This document is a guide to contributing to modal-for-noobs

We welcome all contributions. You don't need to be an expert (in optimization)
to help out.

## Checklist

Contributions are made through
[pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).
Before sending a pull request, make sure you do the following:

- Run 'make fmt' to make sure your code adheres to our [coding style](#code-style).
  This step also includes our license on top of your new files.
- [Write unit tests](#writing-unit-tests)
- Run the [unit tests](#running-unit-tests) and check that they're passing

## Building modal-for-noobs from source

You'll need to build modal-for-noobs locally in order to start editing code.

To install modal-for-noobs from source, clone the GitHub
repository, navigate to its root, and run the following command:

```bash
make install
```

## Contributing code

To contribute to modal-for-noobs, send us pull requests.
For those new to contributing, check out GitHub's
[guide](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).

Once you've made your pull request, a member of the modal-for-noobs
development team will assign themselves to review it. You might have a few
back-and-forths with your reviewer before it is accepted, which is completely normal.
Your pull request will trigger continuous integration tests for many different
Python versions and different platforms. If these tests start failing, please
fix your code and send another commit, which will re-trigger the tests.

If you'd like to add a new feature to modal-for-noobs, please do propose your
change on a GitHub issue, to make sure that your priorities align with ours.

If you'd like to contribute code but don't know where to start, try one of the
following:

- Read the modal-for-noobs source and enhance the documentation,
  or address TODOs
- Browse the [issue tracker](https://github.com/arthrod/modal-for-noobs/issues),
  and look for the issues tagged "help wanted".

## License

A license is added to new files automatically as a pre-commit hook.

## Code style

We use ruff to enforce our Python coding style.
Before sending us a pull request, navigate to the project root
and run

```bash
make fmt
```

to make sure that your changes abide by our style conventions. Please fix any
errors that are reported before sending the pull request.

## Writing unit tests

Most code changes will require new unit tests. Even bug fixes require unit tests,
since the presence of bugs usually indicates insufficient tests.
modal-for-noobs tests live in the directory `tests`,
which contains many files, each of which contains many unit tests.
When adding tests, try to find a file in which your tests should belong;
if you're testing a new feature, you might want to create a new test file.

We use the popular Python [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/) framework for our
tests.

## Running unit tests

We use `pytest` to run our unit tests.
To run all unit tests run the following command:

```bash
make test
```

Please make sure that your change doesn't cause any of the unit tests to fail.
